=== In the case of a unexpected error please try to execute this commands without ssh over a console. ===
== ==
 * http://code.google.com/p/swiss-army-knife/wiki/LinuxShell
== ==
=== ===
=== ===
=== ===
===Error-Message : "Prior to run this addon setup.sh must be executed "===
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * You should read a file called README inside of the addon-directory ... ;-)
=== ====
=== ====
===Error-Message : "Configured ssh-user is not current user"===
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * The user inside the settings of the addon is not the same user under witch the xbmc system ist started.
 * The login-name of the user whos running xbmc has to be same as inside the settings.


===I have several of this timeout-errors or could not read errors. What should I do ?===
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * With the relese 0.6.14 I do add a few settings to be more flexible.

 * Prior to release 0.6.14 I made the timeout hard-coded inside the code like the following example.
{{{
    WCycles = 3
    Waitexit = True
    while (Waitexit):
           if (os.path.exists(__configLinux__[30])):
               if (__verbose__ == 'true'):
                   OSlog("state-files exist ...")
               Waitexit = False
           else:
               WCycles = WCycles + 1
               time.sleep(1)
           if (WCycles >= 20):
               if (__verbose__ == 'true'):
                   OSlog("Timeout 20 secounds reached for track-file  ...")
                   OSlog("increase timeout value on line 362 / Linux.py  ...")
               xbmc.executebuiltin("Dialog.Close(busydialog)")
               return 2

}}}
 * In release 0.6.14 all timeout-parts are removed and will be replaced with a value from the settings.
 
 * Increase the timeout a few-secounds and test again.

===                            ====
===                            ====

===What Linux Filesystem should I use for my rip-containers ?===
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * At least the container should be very big.(more than just a few GB)
 * With linux you have the choice between : ext2,ext3,ext4,xfs and reiserfs. I would choose xfs.
===                            ====
===                            ====
===I do not like the the default place /dvdrip to store my videos ?===
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * By default 5 directorys inside the */* root-fs are created
 * */dvdrip/iso*
 * */dvdrip/dvd*
 * */dvdrip/bluray*
 * */dvdrip/network*
 * */dvdrip/vobcopy*
 
== == 
 * You can replace this 5 directorys to any directory you like to do.
== ==
 * No spaces " " inside the direcory-name are allowed ... 
 * The 5 directorys you have chosen must be writeable with your current xbmc-user.
 * Change the addon settings to your desired directorys. 
===                            ====
===                            ====
===Could the rip-containers be placed inside a NAS ?===
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * Yes . Configure /etc/fstab to mount the NAS at booting.
===                            ====
===                            ====
===Where is the script livecd.sh gone ?==
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * inside /linux-shell/setup.sh is a replacement script.This script is for the user root.

 * Following user directorys are created if you run the script with *./setup.sh xbmc*.

 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife
 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife/bluray
 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife/dvd
 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife/log
 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife/progress
 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife/tmp
 * /home/xbmc/.xbmc/userdata/addon_data/script.video.swiss.army.knife/media

 * Following rip-containers are created.

 * /dvdrip/iso          
 * /dvdrip/dvd         
 * /dvdrip/bluray       
 * /dvdrip/network 
 * /dvdrip/vobcopy

 * medibuntu is added to your /etc/apt/sources.list and the following software is installed
  
 * mencoder
 * netcat
 * original-awk
 * dvdauthor
 * vobcopy 
 * mkisofs
 * dvd+rw-tools
 * lsdvd
 * gddresque
 * submux-dvd
 * submux-dvd
 * transcode 
 * mjpegtools
 * libdvdcss2
 * openssh-server
 * openssh-client
 * liba52-0.7.4 
 * libfaac0 
 * libmp3lame0 
 * libmp4v2-0
 * libogg0 
 * libsamplerate0 
 * libx264-85 
 * libxvidcore4
 * lynx
 * build-essential
 * libc6-dev 
 * libssl-dev 
 * libgl1-mesa-dev 
 * libqt4-dev
 * libbz2-1.0 
 * libgcc1 
 * libstdc++6 
 * zlib1g


 * The following packages from the above list are used by makemkv and must not be present if you disable bluray-functions.

 * build-essential lynx libc6-dev libssl-dev libgl1-mesa-dev libqt4-dev

===                            ====
===                            ====
===I only a have dvd-drive. Can I use this addon without a blueray ?==
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ====
 * Yes. Inside the script-settings is a radio-button to enable / disable all bluray functions.

===                            ====
===                            ====
===Is this script setup.sh running only on Ubuntu based systems ?==
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * Yes.But it should be easy to change it for a system other than Ubuntu.
===   ===
===   === 
===Could the provided shell-scripts be replaced with own scripts ?==
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * Yes. You can replace the shell-scripts with allmost all that is running on linux.
  * You have to use the API of this addon to be compatible with the GUI-part .

===I would like to improve the addon with patches. What should I do ?===
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * I only accept svn diff patches against the current trank.
  * If your diff contains binary exectuable files the full source-code of this binarys must be within the  diff-file or the patch will not be integrated.
  * Only GPL licenced code will be accepted. Any none GPL code or binary will not be accpeted !
  * If you decide to extend the plugin for one of the missing os (windows / mac) please include binarys for 32 and 64 bit systems.

=== ===
=== ===
===The addon speaks only English. Could my own native language be added ?===
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * send me a diff-file 
  * *But until my addon reached beta-level .... do not send anything ...  *

Please do not send diffs or patches to my personal email linuxluemmel.ch@gmail.com 
because I use this email on my personal cell-phone.

Use this instead : (http://code.google.com/p/swiss-army-knife/issues/list)      
=== ===
===To run makemkvcon do I neeed to purchase a licence-key  ?===
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * No . As long makemkv remains beta there will allways be a key to onbtain here (http://www.makemkv.com/forum2/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1053)

  * If you receive the Message "Licence-key for makemkv expired" inside the addon You have to replace your current licence-key with a valid-key.

You can set the licence key here :
{{{
user@xbmcdev:~$ cd .MakeMKV/
user@xbmcdev:~/.MakeMKV$ ls -al
total 16
drwxr-xr-x  2 root root   26 2010-07-10 18:01 .
drwxr-xr-x 45 user user 8192 2010-08-23 21:58 ..
-rw-r--r--  1 root root  187 2010-08-23 20:57 settings.conf
user@xbmcdev:~/.MakeMKV$ 
}}}

Inside the file settings.conf the licence key can be updated or deleted.

=== ===
===What is the default password for the Expert-Mode ?===
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * 1234
===If I transcode a DVD do I have AC3 sound ?=
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * Yes , but only for the primary audio-language.The secound audio-language is downmixed to be faster with the transcoding.
  * If you wish to have also the secound audio track in AC3 do edit dvd-handbrake.sh 

===I found a error. What should I do ?=
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
===                            ==== 
  * read the xbmc.log and make a copy for the error-ticket.
  * Create a error-ticket. (http://code.google.com/p/swiss-army-knife/issues/list
  * Tickets without a valid xbmc.log (and may other logs from the log-directory) are be set to invalid.

 